[Music]
What's up my kids, I'm wise
Oliveira subscribe to this
channel and don't take me too
seriously. This face of the one who just got up
that I bring today, okay, it's not that I got
up late, it's that sincerely I
get up very early and I was just there
watching TV and watching the news a little
and it caused me to admit it, you're
not going to ask me before this
pretty shirt, okay, I already know that a
lot of people in the comments are going to
ask me, I don't know what you understand but it's for
women it's for women and I'm buying the XL let's
see, today I bring you a pretty
special video, well, special, I'm going to bring a
video that gets views, but it's
not going to be a super original video,
and it's not a topic that we haven't and
won't cover many times on this channel
because the titular verbena, okay, win,
michu has screwed up very cool, every
time he speaks, it's well said, it has
become a kind of, I'll pretend that
the league, every time he opens his mouth, they don't speak
much, but every time he speaks the bread goes up
and he already has 30 bucks  the bar yesterday was
300,000 throughout the afternoon and part of
the night and well let's look at the
positive side, he has made at least one link, he has
made like two and he said that it has been
trending topics for his awesome video
that he uploaded it's not like it's a
huge mistake, it's not like it's
something monumental or what huge mistake he
has made the thing is that like win
michu who by himself
forgotten in michu is the feminist standard-bearer
in the lía par excellence and
well said he has been trying for a few years to get
us to treat each other in the head
that next to his face
the phrase I have changed this not what
explains the whole thing you already know the context
for sure whoever follows me well has already
changed then one thing that I have already
explained a lot of times on my
channel everyone who plays the super
exaggerated ally looks good as an animalist
vegan feminist environmentalist autistic
everyone who does it in a very
exaggerated way is actually being born a
role because they have a lot to hide
because of the past they have and in reality
everything they know from their mouths is a lie
an acting is well-being
then you remember the whole argument
this well said voice I have changed
I am the change I have always said that the
humor that I do here is part of a
character a character that reflects a
very but very exaggerated facet that there is
in me you cannot use all this the
fact of messing with a person for their
physique cannot be defended by
freedom of expression it cannot be
defended by saying that they play a
character because if it turns out that win
bicho yesterday afternoon made some kind
of joke that I do not understand
the joke saying that a movie was very
bad then a subscriber comes and I
play the same joke on him but with his
movie bocadillo which objectively was
[ __ ] [ __ ] what I can't get my
head around is that win michu his offer to have
this joke made on him this stupid
joke when he himself made the movie of
bocadillos a [ __ ] [ __ ] apostate
which is not to say that you have worked
hard on a project that you [ __ ] and it
hurts you and offends you that they mess with him and
that you do not value them it is not that you
made the movie bocadillo  a
[ __ ] bet the thing is that as you
are seeing on screen the subscriber
returns the joke and goes to win michu in
his head this seemed like a good idea and
shares it in the subscriber's photo as a
mockery of his physical appearance
I imagine then of course if you peace of
feminist champion of good even daring
to point the finger at everyone
when they are sexist or when you are not
vegan like him this is what shocks
because at the end of the day the fact that you
tell someone ugly face ass or
any nonsense done not enough
to raise the cry in the sky here the
point is that you do it wind michu here the
point is that you do it you piece of
hypocrite and nothing very visual of
dependency number one because people
were freaking out and were realizing
kewell michu has changed it
brabo very brave people I have been
exposing these hypocrisies for many years and
in almost all the videos I have a
comment from a [ __ ] stove
telling me that I am a hater of win said
and all this nonsense the things that
win said is trending topics  for a [ __ ] [ __ ] what
surprises me is that last night
everyone was talking in fact and I'm
worried and I'm worried about who the
[ __ ] is the person who appears in this
reflection of who this little head is who
is drinking wine with michu let's see I
want to know the author of this photo but
well it's not too everyday
and nothing I'm going to talk to you about the subject that
touches the two is that the kid is the [ __ ] boss
look what I answer very much at
least I will not go to court or have lawsuits he
just lost a subscriber of michu his
heart rises and says do me a
favor
the truth is there is a lot of love he is a [ __ ]
model zasca this kid and now I
understand why they follow them on twitter the [ __ ]
jon china the [ __ ] kitchen I mean
nobody realizes this is
everyone hahaha if they have gotten into kid
by the face he has but he does not care
that he has spent his life
following him on twitter
without attending in the wind michu had a
very busy day and not because it was
trending topics and he had to be
signing  autographs or anything like that but
because he had to take on the task of
blocking everyone who was
selling out put it down I say that he had to
block a lot of people because there wasn't
a single [ __ ] positive comment on
twitter well if there were two or three fans
those who don't go before the cloud what
is like this not like the donkeys which is that they
are totally cut by the same
pattern as we michu and here you have one
that when they mess with him responds don't
assume my gender partner doesn't do one more it
generated me when in his profile it is
perfectly clear that he is a girl and that he
has another one obstructs speaking to himself in the
feminine this nonsense of March in my
gender is like the shield of
variables no and well the fans the wind
picchu and the chupaculos the wind michu
also tried to give him a cape that
now we will move on to it but this is very
funny what I am going to tell you
and that is that the resistance also put
a tube on michu also making fun of him
just like he is a boy but edwin chuc
the resistance does not block them and they
say anything to him true you already know  you offend the
kid but with those of the resistance no,
satisfied as the afternoon went by the
snowball was getting bigger and you already
know what happens to him well that win
de guayre shawl from the neighborhood and so
until the whole world turns on him
to the point that even some
media echoed what had
happened that afternoon on twitter and he ended up
putting out a pathetic
statement apologizing you are right I
messed with one of these kids
sad music okay so sad music editor
while I say done I messed with
a kid who didn't deserve it I got
heated and the first thing that came to mind
was to respond with a
picture of his face I love the
imagination that this
content creator of 9 million subscribers has
and the wit no I mean they mess with you they
make a joke and instead of
responding with a nice little jacket like that I put
him down but that is
funny and is not offensive to any
minority the first thing that comes to mind
instinctively is a picture of his face sorry to
the affected person and to the rest of the people who
have been upset I would love to promise you
that he will not come back  to happen but one is not made
of stone and there are bad days where I
lose my mouth mental note to ignore
negative comments and pay attention only
to the positive ones to berwyn michu you are going to
answer yourself this the school the
second too the third
the fourth no longer the fifth neither the
sixth you start to get annoying you have been
asking for more of this apology oh
michu they are obviously [ __ ] [ __ ]
and they are more fake than fannie's love
for christopher he was forced to go out they
connect he apologizes because he was getting
drunk on her he had already been
blocking everyone all afternoon and I
bet my balls that if people
had laughed at the joke and michu would
go away he is assimilating the dude but
notice if the apologies are fake or
whenever the guy she has been messing with
doesn't unblock him I mean what
balls man what [ __ ] balls
I want the first time with wintour and it
ends up for wool and comes out shorn
robert I asked I have already said a thousand times that
the problem is not slow it is the
characterization they have given to
joker  the hacker has always
been changing and becoming more modern it
was inevitable that it would happen and this is said by a
girl who has never read a comic in her life
xdddd it's stupid of you to say that without
even knowing if I've done it or not my
comment had nothing wrong with it shitty edge
the blond comic doesn't count
honey I haven't read it or
bought it love
I should have spent the money
on that and not on your shitty show don't
tell lies you didn't come to my show
a hug beautiful no that's
partly also because [ __ ] I'm not like
that and I feel terrible about myself I don't
know how the [ __ ] I was able to
hit someone with a bottle I'm not like
that
I'm not theirs that's how we are theirs as I
told you a while ago I was quite
impulsive and had zero self-control and
this helped me defend myself from these
clowns since the least they said to me well I
blew their heads off with the
same vulture dimension cut the fire it just
came to my head the
birds are in the one that kicked me out today I was
super offended because a fan  I had
taken a photo without her permission on the
subway, which I find horrible, okay, it would
bother me too, I mean, it wasn't
a voucher in a shop window, if she wants to
ask me for a photo, she asks me but days
later, with the piece of hypocrite and
shares a photo of a
security worker, an anonymous person to make
the joke that he looks like her, I
love this video, Joaquín, I [ __ ] love
the bad thing about being a [ __ ] [ __ ] is
that everyone ends up realizing, I
have no [ __ ] idea who
this tweet is for, I promise you, but oh well,
from what it seems, a good bug
will always have a couple of satellites
around her balls, they are the typical
people who peel it
but in a way that I do not like that
people pay the suck up but that they
suck up to me in the way that it happens,
accept entebbe would totally disgust me if
I am a subscriber to this channel, I surely
know those that I call the exit of
arak new fabric that had several
issues with them due to issues of
hypocrisy and other body they will make you of
liquids, they are people and the  that have always
been on the Win Picchu side of the
family, not with what he
wants them to tell him that he has changed, that he
is an example to follow, now all of a sudden he
started a tremendous thread if you want for
video 2 but a tremendous thread that he
wrote to me post and after I made one
of the many videos warning and
emphasizing that Win Michu has not changed
that it was a role to clean up his image
and to make a feminist wife, what do I know,
man, it's a filler video in
which he also sends a pretty
good message to his audience, which is not small, the
message he sends is good, however simple it may
be, and I doubt that he is a demon
like the other one paints him. The grace that they
have in tweets is what criticizes that
people attack others for their physique and the
typical one who always jumps but always
jumps when others do it, he believes that he has
put something very attentive
because very good being with the girl
who is referring to Ingrid at that
time being with the girl who is,
evidently he has had to change but
regarding the issue of treating women
as carrion, being with a  girl like
and
to record them
we put the one in the timeline of aran of
phobia tremendous flattery with mich a
tremendous one that is looking for someone
else and in fact I think it must be a
direct reacting to everyone if I do it I'll
leave the description of this video and
look how curious that here they are making
reference to another occasion in which win
michu was trending topic for screwing up and
now that he tells him if you don't risk getting
left behind you don't move if you don't screw up you
don't learn I don't know why he
criticizes you for having matured when you only
followed the prevailing thought of
humor
you worry about giving a different example
to change that paradigm you will probably
upload it again and nothing happens, do you think
carande has echoed
yesterday's screw up today michu no he was not on
twitter that day he did not ask them for twitter
then we have a genius like the great
director louis vender who I will also
be leaving you some video about him in
the description louis vender a pseudo
film director who has been shooting a
movie for a year he ate all
day outside  twitter and I see this in the
trending topics that perez goes to
look but I go with him it is and followers that he is
surely right already there it is without
further ado define criteria win michu is my
followers are right he has messed with
the face of a kid but he is right the
only thing that matters to me the wind
michu is what he asks my daughter
every day that yes when we go to
barcelona we are going to meet him and that yes he is
going to sign his book and do an
autograph look honestly I am going to leave
the tour here because it seems incredible to me
that you take a small line to meet
wing michu with the way he is the one who
has a good saying pay attention to felipe 360 ​​it is
quite cool to respond to people
with their profile picture and not add anything
else I do not know if you are going to get angry
warm your mouth is the joke that
the kid made if you are going to get angry
and then you feel humiliated to see
your own face maybe you have better
things to think about [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ]
man how can you look at Felipe's [ __ ] face
after such a tremendous [ __ ] that I do not
know how you did not  they have choked I'm
simply going to answer you with this, this one you
're seeing on screen is
cracker himself, he's a youtuber with about
100,000 subscribers or something like that, he's a
personal friend of win michu and
last year they made a scandal out of him because
apparently he asked fans for pictures, I don't
remember well if they were minors or not, I think
there are people who say yes but the
things he asked fans for pictures but not boob
pictures, [ __ ], not pictures of his feet,
this guy has fetishes with
footers, like with feet, they're
secondary accounts that the other side of
youtube has, he already knows the unmentionable and
frame, I mean, you're telling me cracker, in
this [ __ ] he's giving win
michu, I don't know if he showed you his
feet or what's wrong with you but you
're telling me
yesterday it became a trending topic the fact
that win michu's face is
secondary that was done to people on the
dallas side and I saw people criticizing him, he
said yesterday that he normally throws
[ __ ] at dallas too, period, its normal
of the  balls really go walk
with foot go see socks and don't get
involved here is his past that then
huitzuco where he has to paste an option
you paste it like admitting that you have a
foot fetish
cracker's favorite tutorial itself
oh and
nothing guys that's it for
today's video and he finishes recording the video and there's
the neighbor with the [ __ ] top who
is always very opportune with the [ __ ] top of
the balls every [ __ ] day well my
house must have that looks like a
sieve and nothing guys that we see the
next video